.TH "Drivers/STM32F1xx_HAL_Driver/Src/stm32f1xx_hal_cortex.c" 3 "Thu Oct 29 2020" "lcd_display" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Drivers/STM32F1xx_HAL_Driver/Src/stm32f1xx_hal_cortex.c \- CORTEX HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the CORTEX:  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f1xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
CORTEX HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the CORTEX: 


.PP
\fBAuthor\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral Control functions
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                      ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================

  [..]  
  *** How to configure Interrupts using CORTEX HAL driver ***
  ===========================================================
  [..]     
  This section provides functions allowing to configure the NVIC interrupts (IRQ).
  The Cortex-M3 exceptions are managed by CMSIS functions.
 
  (#) Configure the NVIC Priority Grouping using HAL_NVIC_SetPriorityGrouping()
      function according to the following table.
  (#) Configure the priority of the selected IRQ Channels using HAL_NVIC_SetPriority(). 
  (#) Enable the selected IRQ Channels using HAL_NVIC_EnableIRQ().
  (#) please refer to programming manual for details in how to configure priority. 
    
   -@- When the NVIC_PRIORITYGROUP_0 is selected, IRQ preemption is no more possible. 
       The pending IRQ priority will be managed only by the sub priority.
 
   -@- IRQ priority order (sorted by highest to lowest priority):
      (+@) Lowest preemption priority
      (+@) Lowest sub priority
      (+@) Lowest hardware priority (IRQ number)

  [..]  
  *** How to configure Systick using CORTEX HAL driver ***
  ========================================================
  [..]
  Setup SysTick Timer for time base.
         
 (+) The HAL_SYSTICK_Config()function calls the SysTick_Config() function which
     is a CMSIS function that:
      (++) Configures the SysTick Reload register with value passed as function parameter.
      (++) Configures the SysTick IRQ priority to the lowest value 0x0F.
      (++) Resets the SysTick Counter register.
      (++) Configures the SysTick Counter clock source to be Core Clock Source (HCLK).
      (++) Enables the SysTick Interrupt.
      (++) Starts the SysTick Counter.
  
 (+) You can change the SysTick Clock source to be HCLK_Div8 by calling the macro
     __HAL_CORTEX_SYSTICKCLK_CONFIG(SYSTICK_CLKSOURCE_HCLK_DIV8) just after the
     HAL_SYSTICK_Config() function call. The __HAL_CORTEX_SYSTICKCLK_CONFIG() macro is defined
     inside the stm32f1xx_hal_cortex.h file.

 (+) You can change the SysTick IRQ priority by calling the
     HAL_NVIC_SetPriority(SysTick_IRQn,...) function just after the HAL_SYSTICK_Config() function 
     call. The HAL_NVIC_SetPriority() call the NVIC_SetPriority() function which is a CMSIS function.

 (+) To adjust the SysTick time base, use the following formula:
                          
     Reload Value = SysTick Counter Clock (Hz) x  Desired Time base (s)
     (++) Reload Value is the parameter to be passed for HAL_SYSTICK_Config() function
     (++) Reload Value should not exceed 0xFFFFFF.fi
.PP
 
.br
.PP
\fBAttention\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for lcd_display from the source code\&.
