.TH "Drivers/STM32F1xx_HAL_Driver/Src/stm32f1xx_hal_dma.c" 3 "Thu Oct 29 2020" "lcd_display" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Drivers/STM32F1xx_HAL_Driver/Src/stm32f1xx_hal_dma.c \- DMA HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Direct Memory Access (DMA) peripheral:  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f1xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
DMA HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Direct Memory Access (DMA) peripheral: 


.PP
\fBAuthor\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
IO operation functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral State and errors functions 
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                      ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================
[..]
 (#) Enable and configure the peripheral to be connected to the DMA Channel
     (except for internal SRAM / FLASH memories: no initialization is 
     necessary). Please refer to the Reference manual for connection between peripherals
     and DMA requests.

 (#) For a given Channel, program the required configuration through the following parameters:
     Channel request, Transfer Direction, Source and Destination data formats,
     Circular or Normal mode, Channel Priority level, Source and Destination Increment mode
     using HAL_DMA_Init() function.

 (#) Use HAL_DMA_GetState() function to return the DMA state and HAL_DMA_GetError() in case of error 
     detection.
                  
 (#) Use HAL_DMA_Abort() function to abort the current transfer
                 
   -@-   In Memory-to-Memory transfer mode, Circular mode is not allowed.
   *** Polling mode IO operation ***
   =================================
  [..]
        (+) Use HAL_DMA_Start() to start DMA transfer after the configuration of Source
            address and destination address and the Length of data to be transferred
        (+) Use HAL_DMA_PollForTransfer() to poll for the end of current transfer, in this
            case a fixed Timeout can be configured by User depending from his application.

   *** Interrupt mode IO operation ***
   ===================================
  [..]
        (+) Configure the DMA interrupt priority using HAL_NVIC_SetPriority()
        (+) Enable the DMA IRQ handler using HAL_NVIC_EnableIRQ()
        (+) Use HAL_DMA_Start_IT() to start DMA transfer after the configuration of
            Source address and destination address and the Length of data to be transferred.
            In this case the DMA interrupt is configured
        (+) Use HAL_DMA_IRQHandler() called under DMA_IRQHandler() Interrupt subroutine
        (+) At the end of data transfer HAL_DMA_IRQHandler() function is executed and user can
            add his own function by customization of function pointer XferCpltCallback and
            XferErrorCallback (i.e. a member of DMA handle structure).

   *** DMA HAL driver macros list ***
   ============================================= 
    [..]
     Below the list of most used macros in DMA HAL driver.

     (+) __HAL_DMA_ENABLE: Enable the specified DMA Channel.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_DISABLE: Disable the specified DMA Channel.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_GET_FLAG: Get the DMA Channel pending flags.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_CLEAR_FLAG: Clear the DMA Channel pending flags.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_ENABLE_IT: Enable the specified DMA Channel interrupts.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_DISABLE_IT: Disable the specified DMA Channel interrupts.
     (+) __HAL_DMA_GET_IT_SOURCE: Check whether the specified DMA Channel interrupt has occurred or not. 

   [..] 
    (@) You can refer to the DMA HAL driver header file for more useful macros  
.fi
.PP

.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBAttention\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2016 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for lcd_display from the source code\&.
